#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass paper
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language canadian
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered false
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks false
\pdf_pdfborder false
\pdf_colorlinks true
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle true
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Project 1 Proposal
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Cole Fichter, Rahmat Saeedi, Jason Hwang
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We have chosen Project Scheduling, so the main question we aim to answer
 is how best to assign a varied workload to office employees of differing
 skill levels in such a way that the work is completed in the shortest time
 possible.
 Such a problem is applicable to many corporate scenarios in which diverse
 tasks need to be assigned to a group of employees in a prudent and efficient
 manner.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We expect that there will be a few unstated constraints.
 For example, it seems reasonable to assume that the company would not want
 employees to be idle for long periods of time, and that there will be reasonabl
e limits upon how long an employee can work in any given day.
 After solving the general problem, we hope to be able to explore these
 more concrete issues to provide specific guidance to management about how
 best to perform day-to-day scheduling operations.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We expect that our references will include materials posted on eClass, the
 recommended (optional) text book, Operations Research Principles and Practice
 by Pradeep Pai, and perhaps other sources.
 All references will be properly documented in the bibliography of our report.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
On the surface, our problem appears to be a fairly-typical linear programming
 problem.
 We intend to follow the methods presented in class, with the assistance
 of computer algebra programs such as Maple, Matlab, Python, R, or others.
 Our final report will be typeset using LaTeX.
 We have set up a GitHub repository for our project deliverables at 
\begin_inset Flex URL
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout

https://github.com/colefichter/math372_project_1
\end_layout

\end_inset

 to facilitate distributed collaboration.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
